Hello and welcome again in this new section.
So if you follow do fall training course the first part and the second part you'll see that we cover
all those available tape right there the monitor de-conflict permission Holst's at our store network
but we never talk about to update.
No distinction will want to cover the update manager.
So what is the update manager to prove your vision of the VM where this fit 6 1 or 5 1 5 do updates
manager was not available.
They actually talk to the central server or from the different I host it was necessary to entendu Update
Manager integrated with different holes and the center server to be able to make updates no from 6.5
the update manager is utter shit.
They actually do this on our server.
Two different E6 I was so in discussion were going to talk about do updates Manado.
So we go to home and we have a tape Khaled's update manager to get information about the updates manager
into the center server.
So the next three.